# Meeting Notes

> sorted by most recent

**Sprint 3 Meeting 5**

> Mar 24th 11:00 PM
> _Attending Members: Caden, Arvind, Andy, Risto_

Summary: Frantic discussion of the final distribution of tasks and sprint logistics, documentation, and handin details.

**Sprint 3 Meeting 4**

> Mar 18th
> _Attending Members: Caden, Arvind, Andy, Risto_

-   Pair programming sessions

**Sprint 3 Meeting 3**

> Mar 16th 10:00 PM
> _Attending Members: Caden, Arvind, Andy, Risto_

Summary: Discussed the technique seminar presentation. Delegated some issues and a plan for developing Sprint 3 tasks.

**Sprint 3 Meeting 2**

> Mar 6th 8:00 PM
> _Attending Members: Caden, Arvind, Andy, Risto_

Summary: This short meeting was to discuss who wanted to do which issues, and we started looking at frontend testing together.

**Sprint 3 Meeting 1**

> Feb 26th 3:00 PM
> _Attending Members: Caden, Arvind, Andy, Risto_

Summary: This meeting was used to discuss what we wanted to do in Sprint 3 and create issues.

---

**Sprint 2 Meeting 6**

> Feb 25th 11:00 AM
> _Attending Members: Caden, Arvind, Andy, Risto_

Summary: This short meeting was to reconvene, clean up the repository, and go over submission requirements.

**Sprint 2 Meeting 5**

> Feb 24nd 4:00-11:00 PM
> _Attending Members: Caden, Arvind, Andy, Risto_

Summary: This meeting was to collaboratively finish up remaining tasks and prepare for the submission of Sprint 2.

**Sprint 2 Meeting 4**

> Feb 21st Standup (1 hour)
> _Attending Members: Caden, Arvind, Andy, Risto_

Summary: This short meeting was used to discuss remaining concerns, and it segued into a pair programming session.

**Sprint 2 Meeting 3**

> Feb 20th Standup (1 hour)
> _Attending Members: Caden, Arvind, Andy, Risto_

Summary: This brief meeting was used to discuss any changes in priorities for the remaining few days, and collectively review some of the required diagrams for Sprint 2.

**Sprint 2 Meeting 2**

> Feb 19th
> _Attending Members: Caden, Arvind, Andy, Risto_

Summary: This meeting was to rendezvous and discuss the plan and developer schedules for pair programming tasks in the upcoming week. During this meeting, we also set up mongoose.

**Sprint 2 Meeting 1**

> Feb 16th
> _Attending Members: Caden, Arvind, Andy, Risto_

Summary: This meeting was to set up the github issues for sprint 2 and delegate tasks

**Details:**
We created a [Sprint 2 github board](https://github.com/COMP4350/Servus/projects/1) with all the issues for this sprint so we can easily track what is being done and who's working on it. Additionally, we delegated initial tasks and where we'd like to start.

---

**Project Proposal and Slides**

> Feb 6th
> _Attending Members: Caden, Arvind, Andy, Risto_

Summary: This meeting was to set up our project presentation and slides

**Details:**
After finishing sprint 1, we prepared our slides with a custom prototype of what our web-view could look like. We additionally prepared a script for Risto to present.

---

**Sprint 1 Meeting 2**

> Feb 3rd 4:30-5:30pm
> _Attending Members: Caden, Arvind, Andy, Risto_

Summary: This meeting was meant for us to finalize Sprint 1 before showing it to the TA.

**Details:**
We finished up the work on Sprint 1 before our meeting with the TA in the following day. This consisted of re-doing previous changes and making sure that we pushed everything in seperate branches and reviewed PR's.

---

**Sprint 1 Meeting 1**

> Jan 29nd 12:30-1:30pm
> _Attending Members: Caden, Arvind, Andy, Risto_

Summary: This meeting was the start of us working on sprint 1 and proceeded our meeting with the TA.

**Details:**
We started work on sprint 1 and started with setting up the repo based on the requirements set out to us. We also spent time discussing the meeting with the TA and work based off of the criticism provided to us.

---

**User Story Meeting**

> Jan 22nd 12:30-1:30pm
> _Attending Members: Caden, Arvind, Andy, Risto_

Summary: This meeting allowed us to expand on the idea we generated in the brainstorming session and identify the core features

**Details:**
We focused on identifying the core features of our application and the core problems we are trying to solve.

Serves is meant to improve the accessibility of booking and viewing local service providers.

We identified 4 main features of our app to be:

-   being able to book services (have a calendar and availability embedded)
-   being able to provide services
-   being able to view local services (map)
-   being able to advertise your services (post on an image board, link to social media, etc.)

We also spent time finding the most important part of the project... the colour pallete

---

**Intro Meeting**

> Jan 20th 12:30-2pm
> _Attending Members: Caden, Arvind, Andy, Risto_

Summary: This meeting allowed us to begin the discussion about project ideas and a tech stack.

**Details:**
We discussed what kind of software we want to create and the tech stack we would like to work with. After some conversation we agreed on creating a full stack application accessible through web and mobile built using React Native. We talking about some hosting and backend possibilities but agreed the conversation could be delayed for the future.

We also discussed ideas and what our app could be about. We had several ideas but eventually settled on creating an application that improves finding and booking local services. Some of the scrapped ideas involved a social media recipe sharing platform, a hub of food delivery services that showed all restaurants available to you locally by getting an aggregate of the delivery services, a trading application and more!
